So we can give them something to avoid, so
we could have something like y'all
ever see when Chrome doesn't work.
You can play the dyno game,
>> That happened to me earlier today.
>> Yep,
I think I will join you in this endeavor.
I'm going to try to make it right now
to kind of see one more mechanic, and
now that we've got jumping
before we all had falling.
Now we got jumping.
This opens up a whole new range
of things that we could do.
Let's go ahead and make another sprite.
Is there a cactus?
No.
>> No.
>> I'll make spikes for
felids at the bottom.
>> Maybe you could jump over a muffin.
>> [INAUDIBLE] to the top.
>> We can have spikes.
You're saying if I personally
open the sprite editor right now,
I will sit there for the next half hour
making a sprite and ignore all of you.
And so we don't want that.
>> I'm quick [INAUDIBLE].
[CROSSTALK]
>> Maybe he could jump over trees?
>> Do you want a tree?
>> Yeah.
>> You can jump over tacos
>> You can jump over Withered Tacos.
You can jump over that crazy starfish.
>> Wait, tacos swoop down like birds?
>> I like this.
>> And then you have to jump over it.
>> You might want to make it smaller.
>> Well that's what we'll do, is we'll
start by making it, let's flip it.
Flip it to negative 90,
let's make it a lot smaller.
The problem with this one is, I don't
know how this mechanic's gonna work, but
that's not the important part.
You can adjust it later on.
That's a tiny snake I think
I like in the dynasty,
they're kind of skinny and tall, not wide.
So I might regret the choice of a snake,
but I'm pretty sure I can swap out
the Sprite later and life will be fine.
Cool, so we'll say 50, yeah.
We'll see if we regret that at some point.
And we can,
I guess we can swap it out in a second.
So we'll go ahead and we'll give it
very similar to the recycled apples,
where we can go ahead and we'll say,
when the game starts,give it a game loop.
And we'll say change x.
And negative one so it goes to the left.
And again,
negative one was probably too little.
But let's just see if this
works at all and then.
What's the furthest it can possibly get?
Let's see.
Well past nano is, looks like 250, so and
then if it's less than 250, we'll move
it all the way to the other side.
Okay, if it touches any of the spikes,
then,
>> We got spikes too.
>> Yeah, I've got spikes and
all the spikes will,
>> So then we need the operator.
So we'll say less.
So then if the exposition,
That's a negative 250.
We thought we could get away with.
We'll set the x,
To we want x position.
Let's see if we can get away with 240 and
see how that goes.
So we should have endless
snakes on this plane.
That's far too slow, Nobody likes that.
Life, it's like a dungeon train of snakes.
All right, comes over it.
So the other thing we might wanna do is
we can have variables that like randomize
the speed we could have different
costumes for different heights I mean
I should probably use collision
detection at some point as well but
But we have a jumping motion.
We have a mechanic where
he is jumping over them.
We do need to do some kind of
variability at some point,
like the game should get harder.
Some of that I am going to leave to you.
My basic goal here was to talk a lot
about, how do we do jumping, right?
And this is a pretty linear job.
We could have something
that tapers off too.
If you're playing an ice level
in Super Mario Brothers,
it begins to slide and slow down.
This one is kind of like he's going,
decelerating at a kind of decent
amount until he comes back down.
So we might want to also take
a look at how to run around and
make have velocity that
tapers off as well.
But I will leave you with pieces
like the collision detection, and
I'll show you an example,
and we'll take a look.
We can just use different costumes
that have different heights.
And so every time you can pick
a random costume as well, or
next costume, so that they're rotating
amongst a bunch of heights as well.
So we could we say this quick,
nano jump, right?
Same good West.
Nano Jump, good name.
Love it.
We could also theoretically have
ones with different heights,
So this point where they're just going
to change costumes and speed every time.
So you can kind of like
play around with this and
do various different mechanics
at different points.
This is what happens when
they let me make sprites.
Terrible.
>> Nano game for how far you go you score
your score to 500, I'm pretty sure.
There's like kiradech goes that
>> Yeah Terry doesn't start
a certain point.
So like in the game loop, you might have a
conditional where pterodactyls maybe only
start one score is greater
than a certain amount.